=== WP Terms Popup ===
Contributors: linksoftware, tentenbiz
Tags: terms and conditions, privacy policy, terms of service, age verification, popup, age verify, conditions, policy, privacy, terms, agree, disclaimer, page, require, lightbox, legal, admin, message
Requires at least: 3.0.1
Tested up to: 5.1.1
Stable tag: 1.5.0
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

Use WP Terms Popup to ask users to agree to a terms of service, privacy policy or age verification request before they are given to access your site.

== Description ==

= Website Popups for WordPress =

You can use WP Terms Popup to ask users to agree to your terms of service, privacy policy or age verification request before they are allowed to access your website.

= How Does WP Terms Popup Work? =

Our plugin gives your users a simple three step process for gaining access to your website.

**Step #1: Your user must read the popup first.**

You decide what your popup shows to visitors: a terms of service, a privacy policy, age verification, etc.

**Step #2: The user agrees to your conditions.**

Each popup contains two buttons: one to show acceptance and another that redirects away from your site.

**Step #3: Website access is granted to your user.**

When the user accepts your conditions they are immediately taken to your site without any further interaction.

= Getting Started =

After installing and activating WP Terms Popup, go to "Terms Popups" in your WordPress admin menu and select "Add New" to create your first piece of popup content.

Go to "Settings" in the same "Terms Popups" menu to set the global settings that will apply to all popups. You can override these settings by editing each individual piece of popup content. 

From the "Settings" screen you can assign a popup to be shown sitewide or you can assign popups to individual pieces of content using the standard post editing screen.

== Installation ==

1. Upload the plugin files to the `/wp-content/plugins/wp-terms-popup` directory, or install the plugin through the WordPress plugins screen directly.
2. Activate the plugin through the "Plugins" screen in WordPress
3. Go to "Terms Popups" then "Add New" to create your first popup content.
4. Use the "Settings" screen to configure WP Terms Popup.
5. Style the popup with CSS or check out [WP Terms Popup Designer](https://termsplugin.com/designer)

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How do I use a single popup for my entire site? =

After you've created your popup content, go to the "Settings" page and select the checkbox for "Enable only one popup sitewide?" The select your "Sitewide Terms Popup" from the dropdown. Set an "Agreement Expiration" time if the default isn't right for you and once you hit the "Save Settings" button you are all done.

= Can I have different popups be shown on different pages and posts? =

1. Create as many pieces of popup content as you want.

2. Go to the edit screen of the post or page you want to show a popup on.

3. On the right hand side of the edit screen, you will see the "WP Terms Popup" option box. Configure according to your needs.

4. Save the post or page and you are all set.

= How do I show a popup on a custom post type? =

Simply find the shortcode for the popup content you want. You can find this information under "All Terms Popups" in the admin menu. Copy the shortcode that matches the popup content you want and the paste it into the content of your custom post type.

= Is the popup responsive and viewable on mobile devices? =

Yes, the popup is responsive and will resize according to your browser size.

= Will my visitors be able to see the popup if they have Javascript disabled on their browser? =

Yes, for normal, non-shortcode generated popups they will not have any problems. WP Terms Popup uses pure PHP with no Javascript for the default popups. The popups generated by shortcode use a combination of Javascript and local storage and will be inaccessible to users with Javascript disabled.

= How can I style the popup? =

If you have knowledge of CSS you can style the popups however you want by changing your theme's CSS file. For a simpler and code free option, you can purchase and install our [WP Terms Popup Designer](https://termsplugin.com/designer) add-on.

== Screenshots ==

1. WP Terms Popup Example
2. Create and Manage Multiple Pieces of Popup Content
3. Enable a Popup on an Individual Post/Page
4. WP Terms Popup Settings

== Changelog ==

= 1.5.0 =
* Added support for shortcodes inside of popup content. This is a "use at your own risk" feature as shortcodes, and the content they produce, might act in unpredictable ways with WP Terms Popup.

= 1.4.0 =
* Added option to set "Agreement Expiration" to zero (0) which causes popups to display on each page load.
* Changed the way the Decline URL Redirect works to solve issues certain WordPress setups were having.

= 1.3.3 =
* Minor interface changes.

= 1.3.2 =
* Shortcode-related fix for WordPress 5.0 and the new block editor.

= 1.3.1 =
* Fix for background scrolling when using the shortcode.

= 1.3.0 =
* IMPORTANT: Change to cookies for tracking popup acceptance.
* Code refactoring and reorganization.
* Shifted popup markup to the footer and out of the header to avoid conflicts with other plugins.
* Interface restructuring. NOTE: All WP Terms Popup related screens, including Settings, now appear under "Terms Popups" in the main WordPress admin menu.
* Beginning work for future language support.
* General bug fixes.

= 1.2.1 =
* Improved support for sites using page builder plugins.
* Adjusted size of the popup on mobile and desktop screens.

= 1.2.0 =
* Function prefix and name standardization.
* Improvement of file structure.
* Change in the structure of free version and PRO version of the plugin. PRO version now requires free version to be installed and active at the same time, to eliminate redundant updates. Easier for developers to update both free and pro versions, avoid user confusion.
* Removed fatal error produced by conflict with PRO version.
* Users now have the ability to set the opacity level behind popup.
